README.md, before:

# NeonVentures - AI Business Idea Bank

NeonVentures is a cyberpunk-themed intelligence platform designed to democratize access to manufacturing and service-based business models. By leveraging Google's Gemini AI and Supabase, it scans global markets to generate actionable, machine-based micro-business opportunities tailored to user profiles.

## 🚀 Features

*   **AI Market Scanning**: Generates business ideas based on specific industry sectors using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
*   **Business Model Canvas**: Automatically generates detailed strategies (Partners, Costs, Revenue) for selected ideas.
*   **Personalized Matching**: Creates ideas based on user budget, skills, and risk tolerance.
*   **Operational Analysis**: Provides operational requirements, skill gaps, and SWOT analysis for every idea.
*   **Community Hive**: A social feed for entrepreneurs to share signals and collaborate.
*   **Admin Console**: "God Mode" for injecting specific business concepts into the system database.
*   **Cyberpunk UI**: Custom-built aesthetic using Tailwind CSS with neon glows and futuristic typography.
*   **PDF Export**: Download business canvases as high-resolution PDFs.
*   **Dual Language**: Full support for English and Amharic.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

*   **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript
*   **Styling**: Tailwind CSS (Custom Config)
*   **AI**: Google GenAI SDK (`gemini-2.5-flash`, `gemini-2.5-flash-lite`)
*   **Backend/Auth**: Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth)
*   **Utilities**: `html2canvas`, `jspdf`

## 📦 Installation & Setup

1.  **Clone the repository**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/neon-ventures.git
    cd neon-ventures
    ```

2.  **Install Dependencies**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Environment Variables**
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory. You need keys for Google Gemini and Supabase.
    ```env
    API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key
    SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
    SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
    ```

4.  **Run Development Server**
    ```bash
    npm start
    # or
    npm run dev
    ```

## 🔐 Auth & Roles

*   **Guest Mode**: Allows exploring the app with restricted saving capabilities.
*   **User**: Can save ideas to the database, build a profile, and post in the community.
*   **Admin**: Detected via email pattern (e.g., `admin@...`). Has access to the `Admin Dashboard` to CRUD global business ideas.

## 📜 License

MIT License.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance business ideas with unique IDs and images
Assigns temporary unique IDs to generated business ideas and enriches them with relevant image URLs fetched from Google Search. Also improves Supabase client initialization with placeholder fallbacks and a warning for missing credentials, enabling offline/demo mode. Includes more detailed instructions in the README and expands the .gitignore.

README.md, after:


# NeonVentures - AI Business Idea Bank

NeonVentures is a cyberpunk-themed intelligence platform designed to democratize access to manufacturing and service-based business models. By leveraging Google's Gemini AI and Supabase, it scans global markets to generate actionable, machine-based micro-business opportunities tailored to user profiles.

## 🚀 Features

*   **AI Market Scanning**: Generates business ideas based on specific industry sectors using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
*   **Business Model Canvas**: Automatically generates detailed strategies (Partners, Costs, Revenue) for selected ideas.
*   **Personalized Matching**: Creates ideas based on user budget, skills, and risk tolerance.
*   **Operational Analysis**: Provides operational requirements, skill gaps, and SWOT analysis for every idea.
*   **Community Hive**: A social feed for entrepreneurs to share signals and collaborate.
*   **Admin Console**: "God Mode" for injecting specific business concepts into the system database.
*   **Cyberpunk UI**: Custom-built aesthetic using Tailwind CSS with neon glows and futuristic typography.
*   **PDF Export**: Download business canvases as high-resolution PDFs.
*   **Dual Language**: Full support for English and Amharic.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

*   **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript
*   **Styling**: Tailwind CSS (Custom Config)
*   **AI**: Google GenAI SDK (`gemini-2.5-flash`, `gemini-2.5-flash-lite`)
*   **Backend/Auth**: Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth)
*   **Utilities**: `html2canvas`, `jspdf`

## 📦 Installation & Setup

1.  **Clone the repository**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/neon-ventures.git
    cd neon-ventures
    ```

2.  **Install Dependencies**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Environment Variables**
    Copy the example environment file and add your keys:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    
    Open `.env` and fill in your details:
    ```env
    API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key
    SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
    SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
    
    # Optional (for image search)
    GOOGLE_SEARCH_API_KEY=your_search_key
    GOOGLE_SEARCH_CX=your_search_cx_id
    ```

4.  **Run Development Server**
    ```bash
    npm start
    # or
    npm run dev
    ```

## 🔐 Auth & Roles

*   **Guest Mode**: Allows exploring the app with restricted saving capabilities.
*   **User**: Can save ideas to the database, build a profile, and post in the community.
*   **Admin**: Detected via email pattern (e.g., `admin@...`). Has access to the `Admin Dashboard` to CRUD global business ideas.

## 📜 License

MIT License.
